There's a beginning.
There must be an end.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I don't usually do Blacks.
- Yeah?
- I don't wanna get killed.
For you.
I'll make an exception.
Why's that?
You have good teeth.
You seem clean.
You're married.
I'm on vacation.
That must be nice.
Yeah. I'm-- I'm at work
right now.
You got kids?
Uh-huh. You?
Mm.
- Hope they don't
turn out like us.
- Amen.
Get you some of this.
Come on.
Come to daddy.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Ali wasn't always religious.
But without God.
short-term desires
become long-term patterns.
And when
you have a family...
...you hurt more
than just yourself.
Where you been?
I don't get the dignity
of a response?
Fuck you.
Fuck me?
Yeah?
- Fuck you. bitch!
You get the fucking...
- You shut the fuck up!
Don't fucking grab me!
I'm in your fucking face.
What are you gonna do?
Throwing shit
in my fucking-- fuck!
Fuck that.
...last round.
he's got a little bit of blood
under the eyes.
still going strong.
Trying to get on
the inside now.
There's a hard left!
Good shot!
Here on the outskirts
of sunny Los Angeles.
in a roach motel.
This is where the champion
comes every day
for his workout.
Let me ask you. champ.
The world wants to know.
what does he eat?
Pussy and crack cocaine.
Delicious.
How does that diet
prepare you...
...for the brute force
of Sonny Liston?
I'm gonna hit him so hard.
the crowd will go frantic.
Our radar stations
will pick him up
somewhere over the Atlantic.
- Boom. boom. boom!
- Muhammad Ali!
Wow. nothing can stop him.
Nothing can stop him at all.
Nope. Got a heart of a lion.
"Pff. pff."
- Cock of a rhino.
- Yeah!
Ears of a Chihuahua!
Ow! Ow!
Ohh. Pow. pow. pow.
Pop-pop-pop.
Oh. hey.
What are you doing?
Morphine.
- I don't want it.
- You're gonna need this.
You have to stay ahead
of the pain.
Oh. no. no. no. no.
get that shit away from me.
Don't put that shit
in my body.
Don't put it in my body.
I don't want it.
I don't want...
Hi. my name is Ali.
Hi. Ali.
And I've been.
uh. struggling.
Ali figured if he could
change his habits...
maybe he could
heal his past...
and transform his mistakes
into blessings.
It became
his mission in life.
Where is the hope?
You want hope?
Be the hope.
Fuck that mean?
Well...
hope ain't gonna stroll along
and mug yo ass.
Fall out of the pocket
of some politician.
It's in there.
There ain't nothing in there.
Ammanuel.
You know what your name means?
- "God is with us."
- That's right.
All your struggles
prepared you for now.
And if you believe it
and stay clean.
I promise you.
the future will be bright.
The future will be bright.
And even though
he lost some battles.
Ali knew he was doing good
in this world.
And when the pandemic hit.
he made sure to check in
with his sponsees every day.
Hey. it's 15 past 9:00.
Wonder where you are.
Call me.
Unfortunately...
...there was no place
to gather.
Hey. Sean.
How you doing?
Yeah. I miss going
to meetings. too.
You know. you can always
hang at my place. right?
Trust me.
You hang in there.
The future will be bright.
Every time he lost someone...
he'd write down
their name and the date.
I guess you could say
it was a book of the dead.
A reminder of how the story
of addiction often ends.
That's some kind of trophy.
Hm.
Where's your belly button gone?
They had to open me up.
Clip my large intestine.
- I'm gonna have this bag
the rest of my life.
- Mm.
Hey.
That there a shit bag. huh?
Yeah. it's shit--
Hm. Got you
a whole new booty hole.
- Mm.
- All these staples
look like railroad tracks.
Cover that shit up.
Nasty.
Don't be showing that
to no motherfucker.
I'm gonna need you to take
a trip down to Mexicali.
Got a couple of girls
that need a tune-up.
Why me?
Why not one of the other guys?
'Cause they didn't fuck up.
You fucked up.
So it's on your ass
to correct it.
That it?
I'm gonna need you
to take one of Laurie's boys.
Why the fuck
would I be taking
one of Laurie's boys?
Consider it your
road to redemption.
Aye-aye. cap'n.
Drive safe now.
Look who's still alive
and kickin'.
Yep.
Still.
So I'm riding with you?
Nah. dawg. I wish.
No. you ridin' with Mitch.
How 'bout next time.
we all have guns. huh?
See how that works.
How we looking?
Come and see.
It's interesting
because as soon
as I started believing in God.
my life got considerably worse.
Until it got better.
So this is the better part?
Pfft. beyond!
I mean. I thought.
let's see if this works.
And then.
things got terrible.
which is good.
Okay.
You know.
it might sound crazy. but...
I think He revealed
Himself to me.
Who?
God.
What are you saying?
'Cause this doesn't
track for me.
No. I know.
I get it. believe me.
But I think that's the thing
with God. right?
Like. you need to believe
in order to see.
Okay. you're totally
welcome to stay here.
but I just have a lot
of writing to get done.
so I don't know
how much longer
I can engage
with your revelation.
Yeah. it's fine.
I'll just be over here
reading my Bible.
You know. I think God
set the Joshua tree on fire
because He could sense
that I was giving up.
You know. like the pressure
was too much.
What Joshua tree?
It was on the side
of the road. um...
past the. uh. Texaco station.
So. He set an endangered tree
on fire
just to talk to you?
I mean. you don't have
to be sarcastic about it.
I get you don't believe me.
but I'm just telling you
the facts of the situation.
Okay. I'm gonna keep writing.
and then you're gonna
read the Bible.
- Deal?
- Deal.
Man.
I've done a lot of evil.
I mean. I've never really
thought about it until now.
but it's definitely
fucking clear.
Okay. I've had issues
with your behavior.
but I wouldn't call you evil.
Yeah. well. you might not.
but I think God would.
Okay. well.
evil is a very strong word.
Lexi?
I've been working with Nazis.
- Nazis?
- Yeah.
Well. like. basically Nazis.
I-- I thought you were
working for a Black cowboy.
Well. the Nazis introduced me
to the Black cowboy.
Don't Nazis have problems
with people of color?
I don't know.
but they definitely
got a problem with Alamo.
and I'm stuck
in the middle of it.
Okay. well.
maybe you need to lay down.
Why?
You seem stressed.
Now that I think about it.
if Alamo
didn't kill Paladin the parrot.
then I would have never
gone undercover.
and that has been
the biggest blessing.
Undercover?
I'm working with
the Drug Enforcement
Administration.
What?
It's not funny.
I'm serious.
You working for
the Drug Enforcement
Administration
is hilarious.
Well. fuck it.
I never should have
said anything.
Okay. well. it's clear
you've been using again. so--
Okay. why the fuck
would you say that?
No. I'm not.
Yeah. well. I wish
I could believe you.
Fuck you.
- Fuck me?
- Yeah. fuck you.
You're just sitting here
judging me the whole
fucking time.
Jesus.
No wonder your mom
doesn't talk to you anymore.
We speak.
Fuck.
Yo. Cass.
Cass. you in there?
It's Rue.
Cass.
Yo. Cass.
Hey. Cass. you in there?
A few days earlier...
Hello?
Hello. Cassie.
I hope you didn't call
the police.
- No.
- Smart cookie.
'Cause you wouldn't want things
to go from bad to worse. right?
Is Nate okay?
You know. Nate is
a little anxious.
but he's fine.
I think he's ready
to come home.
I miss him so much.
I'm happy that you would
want him back...
and that I will finally
get my money.
Okay.
So. should we talk business?
Sure.
Unfortunately...
...some actions
are permanent.
Fuck!
It's-- it's actually
"just me Cassie."
My boyfriend
got really mad at me
and deleted my OnlyFans.
and I'm hoping that you
can help me get it back.
But...
What a-- what about
all of my-- my followers?
Nooooo!
And then. it got worse.
Look. I get it.
You wanna push the envelope.
Yes.
Deal with the digital economy.
But do you have to hire
a real porn person?
- It's authentic.
- But that's like telling me
we have to hire
a serial killer
to play Hannibal Lecter.
That's insane.
Why invite the controversy?
Just get an actor.
You're right.
I don't give a shit.
Okay.
There you go.
The network
loved your storyline.
- Really?
- Over the moon.
My God.
They don't wanna deal
with the complications
of hiring a sex worker.
Okay.
Do you mind calling your sister
and letting her know?
Uh...
Yeah. Yeah.
I can do that.
Thank you.
Uh. thank you
for believing in me.
Maddy. on the other hand...
didn't have the same luck.
You have the audacity
to misrepresent me
and my firm.
You send one of your
fucking porno people in
to audition for Patty.
No. casting must have
made a mistake.
- I would never do that--
- I don't believe a fucking word
that's coming
out of your mouth.
Best of luck being
a modern-day madam.
- Can I explain why I--
- No.
Pack your bags. Leave.
Thank you for
the opportunity.
And then. Maddy found out
Cassie deleted her account.
Should beat your fucking ass.
Get up.
Get up!
- I'm sorry!
- Get the fuck up. Cassie!
- I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
- Get the fuck up! Now!
Sit.
I should have never let you
back into my life.
You don't mean that.
When somebody shows you
who they are...
believe 'em.
I feel like
you're gonna hit me.
I fucking want to.
You're gonna work.
You're not gonna bitch.
You're not gonna moan.
You're gonna listen...
to every motherfucking word
that comes out of my mouth.
You're not gonna blink
without permission.
Your world is mine.
And I'm not your manager.
I'm your fuckin' boss. bitch.
Can you get
my account back?
No.
TMZ.
Nicky. it's Maddy.
Hey. doll. what you got?
You know that OnlyFans model.
It's Just Me. Cassie?
Yeah.
Guess who she's going
to dinner with tonight?
Dylan Reid.
How you doing. buddy?
Good to see you. man.
What you up to tonight?
- Give me a sec.
- You guys going out?
Disgusting.
Fucking pig!
Oh. who's the new girl?
Hey. you're beautiful.
What's your name?
It's Just Me. Cassie.
Oh. yeah. blow that kiss.
Oh. do I hear wedding bells?
I'm just playing.
How'd you guys meet. Dylan. huh?
You guys exclusive?
♪ Hanging 'round
downtown by myself ♪
♪ And I've had
too much caffeine ♪
♪ And I was thinking
'bout myself ♪
- Just in case.
- ♪ And there she was ♪
♪ In platform double suede.
yeah. there she was ♪
♪ Like disco lemonade ♪
♪ I smell sex and candy ♪
♪ Yeah. hm ♪
♪ Who's that lounging
in my chair ♪
Cheers.
♪ Who's that casting
devious stares ♪
♪ In my direction ♪
♪ Mama. this surely
is a dream ♪
Listen. I'm really sorry
about the LA Nights stuff.
You know?
I just want you to know
I really fought for you.
Aw. It's alright.
I'm used to being judged.
♪ I smell sex and candy ♪
In what way?
Well. once I got these...
people underestimated me.
It's the same with fame.
You know. when people see me.
all they see is Marc.
Not Dylan.
Well. I see...
Dylan.
Let's take a picture.
- Why?
- 'Cause I think
you're gonna want
to remember this moment.
- Hm.
- It's cute.
Yeah. we look cute.
- Oh. my God!
- Oh. fuck!
- Oh my God. yeah!
- How you want it?
- I'm gonna cum again!
- Again?
I'm cumming again.
Oh. my God.
Stop cumming!
Mm. I'm cumming!
Oh. my God!
- Please. I need
a drink of water!
- Oh. yeah!
Don't fucking give up.
I'm gonna cum.
I'm gonna cum!
Water!
Yes!
You might be...
the world's greatest fuck.
No. you are!
I am too drunk to drive home.
Oh. babe.
Just cuddle me.
Cass?
Shh! He's sleeping.
He's still here?
Wait.
How did you get him
to post that?
I stole his passcode.
I fucked him.
and then when
he left the room.
I uploaded it.
So he has no idea?
It's everywhere.
It's been trending for.
like. seven hours.
- No.
- Yeah.
Wait.
Look at your
fucking subscribers!
Oh. my God.
Is that a fucking finger?
Oh. no!
Is it Dylan's?
No. Who moved that?
Is it Nate's?
Okay. I'm gonna
tell you the truth.
but you have to promise
not to tell anyone.
What the fuck
is going on here?
You know what I do
for a living?
I put people in coffins.
Cassie is gonna come through.
How tall are you?
- Why?
I need a fucking reason why?
6'5".
You're not lying to me.
are you?
No.
Hm.
Artur.
Oh. she's working
her fucking ass off. man.
I'm-- I'm doing
everything that I can.
Please. No.
He's 6'5".
I wasn't fucking lying.
Yeah. that's unfortunate.
You know. a standard coffin
carries a man 6'3".
6'4" tight.
But at 6'5"...
that's a custom job.
She got the message.
Hm. I think she needs
a little more motivation.
- Oh. come on. man.
- You know. she hasn't wired
a single fucking penny to me
since I spoke to her?
She will! She f...
She fucking will!
Let me ask you something.
- Oh. fuck.
- Is it possible...
that she's enjoying
her freedom a little too much?
Well. time will tell.
Look. She's working.
She's working real hard.
- Please. I'm sorry! I'm sorry.
- Get up.
I'm sorry.
I'm-- I'm gonna get
your fucking money.
- I'm sorry!
- Yes. you are.
I'm sorry.
No. no. no!
Man! I wish you would
have said something.
I didn't wanna burden you.
So. you lied.
I mean. what would
you have done anyway?
For you. anything.
You see this apartment?
You see my life?
You think this is what
I'm living for?
All my fancy things?
I ain't got shit
but the people I love.
Only reason I'm still here
is so I can do some good
in this world. be of service.
I show up. rain or shine.
And if someone's
forcing you to do something
against your will.
I got a 12-gauge shotgun
that can take care of that.
Ali. he said
he'd kill my mom.
Then tell the DEA.
- They already told me to go.
- I'm telling you not to go.
It's one night.
They go to Mexico.
I go back to Laurie's.
I pretend to get Alamo's shit.
and in the morning.
they're in handcuffs. that's it.
Okay. why don't you stay here
and I'll go get your mom?
They're not gonna stop
at my fucking mom.
Ali. then it's you.
It's fucking Gia.
- Then it's everyone.
- If he's in handcuffs.
what's it matter?
If I don't do this. he might not
even show up at Laurie's.
and then the whole
thing's fucked.
He needs an ace up his sleeve.
Let me go with you.
Ali...
I'm telling you...
this is the last run.
Well. then I guess we better
eat some pancakes.
I have something
kinda crazy to tell you.
God spoke to me.
- Really?
- Yeah.
It's like the clearest thing
I've ever heard in my life.
What did he say?
Um...
He said.
"I heard your cries.
"I feel your pain.
Have faith...
"and I will take you from Egypt
and lead you
to the promised land."
And then. he blew up
a Joshua tree.
Isn't that what
God said to Moses?
It's crazy. right?
So what do
you think it means?
That I'm on the cusp
of freedom.
I was a fucking drug mule.
I was facing 25 to life.
and fucking look at me now.
Which is exactly
why I don't want you
to fuck it up.
- Oh. he won't let that happen.
- I don't believe you.
I survived two years
with Laurie.
Okay. you don't think
I can handle one more night?
When this shit is done.
I'm going to Texas.
Why Texas?
'Cause that's where
the homestead's at.
No. I'm serious. Look.
It's crazy. look at this.
Read that.
613 Jerusalem Road.
Yeah. It's a sign.
So you think this homestead
is the promised land?
What other explanation
is there?
I'm getting a new booty.
- Hey!
- It might look like this.
- Girl. how you gonna get
a BBL and you so little?
- Ooh!
That's why I have
all this ice cream.
Yeah. keep eating.
keep eating.
- How big you gonna go?
- As big as possible.
- Okay.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah. go big or go home.
- How much are they charging you?
- Alamo's covering it.
- At what interest?
I don't know.
What the fuck you mean
you don't know?
- That's bad business.
You need to know.
- Ooh!
I'm just excited
'cause I'm going to Mexico.
Ooh. they have the best tacos.
Just remember.
don't die. bitch.
I'm sorry.
That wasn't funny.
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
Yeah. we need you back.
- We love you.
- Aw.
Thank you.
You know. the thing
about fentanyl is...
why kill the customer?
I don't know.
You know. it's not even
happening in other countries.
Only in America.
Nobody really gives a fuck.
You ever worry that
the fentanyl you smuggled
killed people?
You still think anyone
could be redeemed?
Only if they wanna be.
Putting these guys in prison
is a start. right?
You wanna undo the evil
you've done?
Start by changing yourself.
I'm trying.
Promise me
you won't go back there.
If something happens to my mom.
I'm never gonna forgive myself.
We'll go pick her up
in the morning. first thing.
Deal?
Yeah. deal.
If there's a beginning.
there must be an end.
From creation.
to struggle. to redemption.
Life...
no matter what.
is being pulled towards
a brighter future.
And even if it
doesn't feel like it...
right now is a blessing.
And if you step back
from this moment
and look at the history
of your life.
your life in the history
of the world.
you'll see that there
has never been anything
but blessing.
I believe that.
And I don't know how far
you got into the Old Testament.
but I figure
it's worth mentioning
that Moses doesn't make it
to the Promised Land.
Now. you see.
that's where we differ.
Thanks.
I got you.
We'll have fixed wing support
giving us eyes on the van
from the moment he leaves
to the moment he returns.
They'll be carrying
80 kilos of fentanyl
in a compartment
under the floor.
I just need everybody
to be cognizant of that.
okay?
Ah. fuck.
Do you mind passing me
some gauze?
We've alerted CBP
not to interfere
and to let the package
cross the border.
The bad news is.
they're transporting civilians
in the back.
Two young females.
I hope it goes
straight to my ass.
Oh. it's going to.
So. be super cautious
and let's make sure
we execute
like we know we can.
♪ In the morning
you go gunning ♪
♪ For the man
who stole your water ♪
♪ And you fire
till he is done in ♪
♪ But they catch you
at the border ♪
♪ And the mourners
are all singing... ♪
You got a good story
for Laurie?
Uh...
Yeah. I'm kinda gonna need you
to hit me in the face.
Nigga. what?
It's my story.
Listen.
if I hit you in the face.
I'm liable to-- to knock you
the fuck out.
And the last thing we need to do
is waste a couple more hours.
♪ Do it again ♪
♪ When you know
she's no high climber ♪
Oh. fuck!
The fuck is that about?
Oh. Alamo beat me up.
- Man. get your ass outta here.
- Yeah.
Just have your crazy ass
back here before the morning.
♪ And she brings you
only sorrow ♪
You're walking like
your booty stink.
♪ You'll be on your knees
tomorrow ♪
♪ Yeah. you go back.
Jack. do it again ♪
♪ Wheel turning
round and round ♪
It's not like I wanted
to go back to Laurie's.
But I didn't really
have a choice.
Alamo had to think
I was on his side.
And when they got back
from Mexico...
the DEA would
arrest them all.
♪ You go back. Jack.
do it again ♪
What happened to you?
Alamo tried to kill me.
And he's gonna do
the same to you.
Sammy.
Honestly. it's not much.
Maybe it's good for anal.
I'd give it a solid three.
One second.
Now if I take that sock
out of your mouth.
are you going to scream?
Mm-mm.
You promise?
You have 72 hours
to figure things out.
Why 72 hours?
'Cause that's how long
it takes to die of dehydration.
You're not gonna
give me any water?
I'm talking about Nate.
Where's Nate?
Hello!
Can anybody hear me?
I'm underground!
I'm down here!
Help me!
Hello!
Help!
Yeah. Dad. I'm-- I'm here.
There's no sign of him.
Nate's family
had been looking for him.
Yeah. I...
I know.
I-- I checked there.
Well. Cassie said she hasn't
seen him in weeks. so.
Cassie was instructed
by Naz not to tell anyone
unless she wanted
Nate to die.
Help!
I'm down here! Hey!
Yo. Cass.
Hey. Cass. you in there?
You scream.
I will cut your tits off.
It's Rue.
Yo. Cass.
Hey.
It's gonna be okay.
Don't worry.
Everything is gonna be alright.
Hello?
Have you heard
from Cassie?
I don't know.
and I don't care.
Will you just knock
on her door?
No.
What you guys did to Dylan
was disgusting.
Stop being so dramatic.
I don't understand
what happened to you.
like your conscience.
It's like you've all lost
your fucking minds.
you. Cassie. Rue.
Rue's always been crazy.
Not like this.
She was just here
ranting about Black cowboys
and Nazis.
and how she works
for the Drug Enforcement
Administration.
Like. it's insane.
Calm down. I'm just trying
to find your sister.
Okay. well. she's probably
doing porn. thanks to you.
Please! God help me!
Help! Please!
I'm underground!
I'm down here!
Help!
Oh. God. please help!
Please. God.
please. please. please.
Please help me.
Fuck!
Please!
I'm down here.
Help!
Thank you. God.
Thank you.
Oh. thank you. God.
Please help me.
Please help.
Help. Help.
Please.
Oh. fuck. Oh. fuck.
Please. Please.
Please. God.
That's fire.
Allahu akbar!
Whoo! Shit!
Harley told me
you don't have a phone.
Uh. yeah. Alamo took it.
Look. what happened
was a nigga was busy.
- You know I got work. baby.
- No. I'm busy. too.
Look. man. I told you.
I wanted you to be my--
my BM and shit though. right?
I'm not gonna be
your baby mama. nigga.
- Look. man.
- Get that out yo head.
We can-- look. man.
we'd have a cute-ass baby. too.
- Hello?
- Maddy?
- Mm-hmm?
- I'm in a little bit of trouble.
Can I put you on speaker
with someone?
Hello?
Here are your options.
You bring me
a million dollars.
or we start slicing up
your girl's face.
Wait. what the fuck
is going on. Cassie?
Hey.
Um. Alamo picked it out for you.
He says to put it on.
Don't overthink it.
Trade a thousand bad days
for a good life.
So. you want us
to believe that Alamo
beat your ass
for no reason?
He thinks
I'm working for you.
The big bad wolf
got outsmarted.
By some
motherfuckin' rednecks.
Totally.
So he thinks
you're loyal to us?
Yeah.
But you ain't.
Why would I be here
if I wasn't?
Well. I don't know. do I?
I mean. maybe you
shit outta luck.
Maybe you fucked over Alamo
like you fucked over us.
you ain't got no place to go.
I mean. I just wanted
to pay you back.
You know. I just wanted
to make it right.
Why?
When you fronted me the drugs.
I didn't have a plan.
I was just lying to get high.
It was just lie after lie.
you know?
Just kind of been my whole life.
and I got away with it.
I mean. I lied to my mom.
I lied to my friends.
I-- I lied to you.
I lied so much.
people don't even believe me
when I'm telling the truth.
So what did I get away with?
I think your lies
are a good thing.
'Cause if you hadn't have
betrayed us.
if it weren't
for your lack of loyalty.
your lack of character...
our dicks wouldn't be so far up
that monkey's ass. would they?
Amen.
Shit. you brought Faye here
just to wipe five grand
off your debt.
And that's the most beautiful
thing that ever happened to me.
So even if you intended
to hurt us.
the business. the family...
I wanna thank you.
'cause all your lies.
they became blessings.
So what's the punishment?
Just 'cause shit
worked out. doesn't mean
there wasn't a crime.
Mm.
Crime?
Treason.
Doesn't treason equal death?
If that's what we decide.
What if we cut
her eyelids off. huh?
- How's that?
- Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh!
Ooh. yeah.
Or we could do what Alamo
does to his girls. and sell her.
Give her some
double-D's and a bath.
Paralyze her tongue
with Botox.
Is that what Alamo does?
What did you think he does?
So. what you say?
You wanna be some
rich guy's fuck doll?
Or maybe we should
give you a line of fentanyl.
I mean.
I'm-- I'm on your side.
Unless you're lying.
When Alamo gets here tomorrow.
I'll be standing on your side.
Maybe you should be the one
to put a bullet in him.
He wouldn't see that coming.
Shake on it?
Ooh. shit's getting real!
Ooh-ooh!
Yeah. that's my boy.
I need your help.
Come on and dip
your toe in the water.
Cassie's being extorted.
- By who?
- An Armenian.
Ooh.
I steer clear of Armenians.
Well. can you
just help me with one?
Tell me this water
don't feel good.
So. you went from
making me money
to now costing me money.
If I had anybody else to ask.
I'd ask. but you get shit done.
Well. if you insist on
continuing to discuss
business...
you're gonna have to dip
more than just a toe.
Here. There you go.
There you go.
You know...
you ain't the only one
who's had a long-ass.
shitty-ass day.
But ain't nobody
asking me how I feel.
- Well. how do you feel?
- Stressed out.
Pent up.
Fuck. I even got Rue
out there handling business.
Mm-hmm. so that's why
she's been so overwhelmed.
- How so?
- She got in a huge fight
with one of our friends.
Over what?
Nazis or something?
Nazis?
The fuck about Nazis?
Nazis and. I don't know.
the DEA.
I don't know.
Hm.
She's a real character.
Let me see these
little tootsies of yours.
Look at these little things.
Real petite. huh?
How's that feel?
Feel good. don't it?
Look. this Cassie thing
is serious.
Why don't you come
a little closer?
Tell me all about this...
problem of yours.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Look at me.
What are you doing?
Let's go dance.
- No!
- Come dance with me.
No. I think what
you did was fucked up.
What you mean?
Look at her.
She-- she deserves
everything she got.
- I don't wanna be
around you right now.
- Yo. Baby.
You want something to drink?
Ooh. okay.
You sure she's worth it?
She's a money tree.
Plenty of girls out there.
This one's special.
It's your deal.
Go make it.
You must really love this girl.
Go get my money.
Is this a fucking joke?
You better be
a good fuckin' shot. motherfucker.
Put the fuckin' pistol down.
Artur.
Easy on that trigger.
You get really mean
when you drink.
Well. she's a fucking traitor.
She's my friend.
Whose side are you on?
Yours.
Well. it doesn't feel like it.
It's real simple.
It's black. it's white.
- Okay?
- Isn't Rue in the middle?
There ain't no middle.
Baby. you know what the Nazis
made the SS recruits do?
- No.
- They give 'em these fluffy.
cute little puppies
at the beginning of training.
And the soldiers.
they had to raise 'em.
You know. they had
to care for 'em.
they had to love 'em.
They had to feed 'em.
they had to do
everything for 'em.
And at the end of training...
the soldiers.
they'd take a knife...
and they'd cut
their fucking heads off.
You do realize
that's fucking sick?
Oh. yeah.
That's what
I'm gonna make you do.
I'm gonna make you
put Rue down like a dog.
I'm getting hard
just thinking 'bout it.
Big day tomorrow.
Sweet dreams.
Nate. we're coming for you!
Just hold on. baby.
I'm right here.
Just. I love you so much.
I'm so sorry.
I'm right here.
More than a million
in the hole.
That's 20% of all
future earnings.
It's a steep price
to pay for friendship.
Little did I know
you'd get her back for free.
Don't mean the dead
don't live on.
What's wrong now?
Oh.
What. you think 'cause
I got a soft spot for you.
I'd do all this shit for free?
You know what?
About time your ass wised up.
I'm right here. Nate.
I'm coming. baby.
I'm here. baby.
Come on. baby.
Lift it up.
Let's get the money.
I think we need to wait.
Wayne says
he's gonna kill you.
Shit. it's not working.
Hold on.
It's this one.
What the fuck?
Who are all these girls?
- Where's the money?
- There's no money. Faye.
You promised me I could
have the money in there.
I know. but there's no money
in here. Faye. okay?
There's supposed
to be money in here.
You're the one who told me
there was fucking money in here.
- There was.
- Okay. well.
maybe they're using it
for the deal. okay?
- Just put it back.
- What?
Just put it all back.
Okay? He's gonna think
that I helped you do this.
No. no. no.
Hey. you can just come with me.
You lied to me.
I can't believe I trusted you.
- and you lied to me.
- Shh. hey. hey. I didn't.
I didn't lie.
- Can you please
keep your fucking voice down?
- My whole life.
everybody just lies to me.
They just lie and lie and lie.
Alamo will pay you.
- Why am I the only one...
- Faye. Faye. Faye.
- ...that's loyal?
How could you do this to me?
- Please be quiet. Shh.
- I thought you were my friend.
- Please. I am your friend.
- I trusted you.
- I am your friend.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. Faye.
Come on. you know me.
I'm your friend.
I am your friend. I didn't lie.
Just keep your fucking
voice down. please.
You can trust me.
Faye?
Faye. don't-- don't...
Wayne!
♪ Go down. Moses ♪
♪ Way down ♪
♪ In Egypt land ♪
♪ Tell old ♪
♪ Pharaoh ♪
♪ To let my people go ♪
♪ Now. when Israel
was in Egypt land ♪
- ♪ Let my people go ♪
- ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Oppressed so hard.
they could not stand ♪
♪ Let my people go ♪
- ♪ So the Lord said. go down ♪
- ♪ Go down ♪
- ♪ Moses ♪
♪ Way down in Egypt land ♪
♪ Tell old Pharaohs ♪
♪ To let my people go ♪
♪ Let my people go ♪
♪ So Moses
went to Egypt land ♪
- ♪ Let my people go ♪
- ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ He made old Pharaoh
understand ♪
- ♪ Let my people go ♪
- ♪ Yes. the Lord said ♪
- ♪ Go down ♪
- ♪ Moses ♪
♪ Way down in Egypt land ♪
♪ Tell old Pharaohs ♪
- ♪ To let my people go ♪
- ♪ Let my people ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm